docs: update useReview docs (#357)
vuestorefront/bigcommerce: docs/composables/use-review.md

## Features

The `useReview` composable is used to fetch product reviews and add new ones.

## API

> - `search` - function for fetching products from the API and populating the `reviews` object with the result. This method accepts a single object parameter. See the [UseReviewSearchParams](../reference/api/bigcommerce.usereviewsearchparams.md) interface for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `search` - a function for fetching products from the API and populating the `reviews` object with the returned data. This method accepts a single object parameter. See the [UseReviewSearchParams](../reference/api/bigcommerce.usereviewsearchparams.md) interface for more information.
```

  - `productId: number`

> - `add` - function for adding product reviews. This method populates the `reviews` object with the updated result. This method accepts a single object parameter. See the [UseReviewAddParams](../reference/api/bigcommerce.usereviewaddparams.md) interface for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `add` - a function for adding product reviews. This method populates the `reviews` object with the returned data. This method accepts a single object parameter. See the [UseReviewAddParams](../reference/api/bigcommerce.usereviewaddparams.md) interface for more information.
```

> - `reviews: ProductReviewCollectionResponse` - a main data object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `reviews: ProductReviewCollectionResponse` - the main data object.
```
